#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openedx-events
    #   referencing
avro==1.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fonttools
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   weasyprint
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
confluent-kafka[avro,schema-registry]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
coverage[toml]==7.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
crispy-bootstrap5==2023.10
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   weasyprint
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
    #   willow
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
    #   django-ace
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-notifications-hq
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   wagtail
django-ace==1.32.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-colorfield==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crispy-forms==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-filter==23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-notifications-hq
django-modelcluster==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-notifications-hq==1.8.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-taggit==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-treebeard==4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-treenode==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   wagtail
docutils==0.20.1
    # via readme-renderer
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-spectacular==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==9.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-event-bus-kafka==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   openedx-events
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openpyxl
fastavro==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   willow
fonttools[woff]==4.47.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fonttools
    #   weasyprint
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
    #   weasyprint
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   twine
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jaraco-classes==3.3.0
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-notifications-hq
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
keyring==24.3.0
    # via twine
l18n==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
lxml==4.9.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via jaraco-classes
newrelic==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.15
    # via readme-renderer
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-events==9.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-colorfield
    #   pillow-heif
    #   wagtail
    #   weasyprint
pillow-heif==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   willow
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via twine
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.9.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
psycopg[c]==3.1.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   psycopg
psycopg-c==3.1.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   psycopg
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.19.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pydyf==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   weasyprint
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-notifications-hq
    #   djangorestframework
    #   l18n
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-django-release-util
readme-renderer==42.0
    # via twine
referencing==0.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   twine
    #   wagtail
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.7.0
    # via twine
rpds-py==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   html5lib
    #   l18n
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
swapper==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-notifications-hq
telepath==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.11.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
twine==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   psycopg
tzdata==2023.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
wagtail==5.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
weasyprint==60.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
willow[heif]==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
    #   willow
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fonttools
